Hello everyone! Welcome to Shangshi Kitchen What I want to share with you today is pickled fish fillet. You can use black fish, grass carp or longli, but there is none near my house. I use this tilapia fillet from Costco to make it. It is also called African crucian carp and tilapia. It is low in fat and high in protein. It has very high nutritional value. The meat is very elastic but relatively crispy, so the slices should be slightly thicker. Add an appropriate amount of salt and white pepper and add an egg white. Just now I mentioned tilapia. The fish fillets are relatively crispy, so they break easily during processing. The purpose of adding egg white is to wrap the fish fillets. This is not enough. You also need to add some water starch. Water starch is easier to wrap evenly than dry powder. If it is dry powder, it needs to be mixed for a long time. I will add some Chinese cabbage to the side dish. Once it is done, it will taste similar to the sauerkraut. I will pat it a few times to make it easier to taste. Of course, this Chinese cabbage is not sauerkraut, but the real sauerkraut. I use this one, which I also bought from Costco. It’s called sauerkraut. It’s made with cabbage, soup and vegetables. Scoop out a bowl and set aside. Prepare an appropriate amount of onions, ginger, millet, chili, onions, ginger, and millet. After sautéing until fragrant, add the sauerkraut, but don’t pour the soup in. Put the sauerkraut in first. Stir it dry and then add the cabbage. Stir-fry the cabbage until it is slightly broken. Pour in the sour soup you just poured out. Pour in the chicken stock, which is about twice the amount of the vegetables. If it is insufficient, use boiling water to make up. At this time, you can adjust it according to your needs. Adjust the taste to your liking. Add the right amount of salt, pepper and white vinegar. If "you dont like the overly sour taste, you can omit the white " vinegar and cook for a few more minutes after the soup is boiled to add more flavor to the cabbage. This way the cabbage becomes sauerkraut. Put all the ingredients into a large bowl. If there are a lot of fish fillets, it is best to cook them in two or three times. Pour in an appropriate amount of cooking wine. Once the fish fillets are completely white, take them out immediately. If the fish fillets are cooked for too long, they will break into pieces. Put the fish fillets aside. I put the fish fillets on the surface of the side dishes in two batches, so that each time will not take too long and the coating on the surface will not fall off. Pour the fish fillets cooked for the second time into a large bowl together with the soup. Sprinkle a little green onion and serve. Thank you for watching. Don’t forget to like and subscribe before you leave. This is Shangshi Kitchen. See you next time.